Technical review: Add documentation for the geolocation element (#42772)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlgeolocationelement/autolocate/index.md

---
title: "HTMLGeolocationElement: autolocate property"
short-title: autolocate
slug: Web/API/HTMLGeolocationElement/autolocate
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLGeolocationElement.autolocate
---

{{APIRef("Navigation API")}}

> The **`autolocate`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLGeolocationElement")}} interface gets and sets a boolean value indicating whether the browser should immediately request location data when the {{htmlelement("geolocation")}} element is rendered, provided permission to use the `geolocation` feature was previously granted.

Reviewer: Very nit, but this covers the case where the feature was previously granted and then revoked. If changed here, should be changed in other places this is mentioned.

```suggestion
The **`autolocate`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLGeolocationElement")}} interface gets and sets a boolean value indicating whether the browser should immediately request location data when the {{htmlelement("geolocation")}} element is rendered, provided permission to use the `geolocation` feature is already granted.
```
